README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi , I'm Mohamed Salah 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=480&lines=Flutter+Developer;Building+High-Quality+Mobile+Apps!;Clean+Architecture+%7C+MVVM+%7C+Firebase+Expert" alt="Typing SVG">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mohameddsalah60&label=🔥+Profile+Views&color=ff4500&style=flat" alt="Profile views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/mohameddsalah60"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/mohameddsalah60?label=Follow&style=social" alt="GitHub Followers"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-salah-415b77321/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Connect%20on%20LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
</p>

---

### 🌟 About Me

- 💻 **Flutter Developer** focused on building scalable and performant mobile apps.  
- 🧠 Skilled in **Clean Architecture, MVVM, Dependency Injection, Firebase, and State Management**.  
- 💬 Open to collaboration and contributing to Flutter open-source projects.
- 🚀 **Always learning and pushing boundaries to build smoother, smarter, and faster apps.**  

---

### ⚡ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Backend-Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-Hive-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logo=hive&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-SQLite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version%20Control-GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Principles-SOLID-4CAF50?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

---

### 🌐 Connect with Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-salah-415b77321/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:mohamedsalahdev2004@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/mohameddsalah60" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">⚡ Keep Building. Keep Learning. Keep Inspiring. ⚡</p>

Commit message:

Revise About Me section in README
Updated personal description to emphasize clean code and continuous learning.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi , I'm Mohamed Salah 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=480&lines=Flutter+Developer;Building+High-Quality+Mobile+Apps!;Clean+Architecture+%7C+MVVM+%7C+Firebase+Expert" alt="Typing SVG">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mohameddsalah60&label=🔥+Profile+Views&color=ff4500&style=flat" alt="Profile views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/mohameddsalah60"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/mohameddsalah60?label=Follow&style=social" alt="GitHub Followers"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-salah-415b77321/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Connect%20on%20LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
</p>

---

### 🌟 About Me

I’m a Flutter developer who loves building mobile apps that run smoothly and look great.
I enjoy writing clean code and creating solutions that are simple, efficient, and easy to scale.
I’ve worked with Firebase, APIs, and different state management tools, and I’m always trying to learn something new.
My goal is to keep getting better at what I do and be part of projects that actually make a difference.

---

### ⚡ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Backend-Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-Hive-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logo=hive&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-SQLite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version%20Control-GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Principles-SOLID-4CAF50?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

---

### 🌐 Connect with Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-salah-415b77321/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:mohamedsalahdev2004@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/mohameddsalah60" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">⚡ Keep Building. Keep Learning. Keep Inspiring. ⚡</p>
